hi i'm matt from turtle beach today i'd
like to tell you about our new air force
x12 headset and how it provides a
competitive edge to your xbox and pc
gaming experience the air force x12
replaces our popular x11 headset which
is the best-selling stereo headset ever
made for Xbox gaming the new x12 takes
everything that made the x11 a legendary
headset and makes it even better
like the x11 the x12 combines xbox live
chat with stereo game sound so you can
hear the game and online players at the
same time that means you'll have a
better gaming experience while becoming
a better player the x12 has a new
amplifier with game and chat volume
controls and a mic mute rather than a
fixed bass boost like the x11 the x12
has a variable bass boost that lets you
set the level of bass that's right for
you this adds depth to explosions
gunshots and other deep game sounds the
x12 also has mic monitoring just like
the x11 so you can hear what you're
saying with the headphones covering your
ears
the x12 is also more comfortable than
the x11
the ear cushions are deeper so they lift
the speaker's further away from your
ears
the headband uses fabric mesh on the
underside so it sits more comfortably on
your head the colors on the x12 have
also been changed to match the new Xbox
when you try the x12 the first thing
you'll notice is the improved sound
quality that's because it has larger 50
millimeter speakers instead of the 40
millimeter speakers used in the x11
these larger speakers deliver better
highs and deeper bass for excellent
sound clarity the ear cups are also
acoustically tuned to provide the
highest quality sound for game audio
together these improvements give the x12
a rich clean sound that you'd expect
from professional audio headsets costing
a lot more now let's see how the x12
connects to your Xbox 360
there are three easy ways to connect
your x12 headset depending on your video
connection if you're using a composite
video connection to your TV with the
Xbox AV cable first insert the USB plug
on the headset into an available USB
port on the Xbox next connect the green
3.5 millimeter plug on the headset to
the included RCA splitter cable then
connect the red and white piggyback RCA
plugs on the splitter cable to the red
and white RCA stereo output plugs on the
Xbox AV cable connect this to your TV
audio inputs and you're ready to go if
you're using an HDMI video connection
then you will need the Xbox HDMI audio
adapter the Xbox 360 requires this cable
for analog audio output when used with
an HDMI connection start by connecting
your Xbox to your TV with the HDMI cable
then insert the USB plug on the headset
into an available USB port on the Xbox
next connect the green 3.5 millimeter
plug on the headset to the included RCA
splitter cable then connect the red and
white piggyback RCA plugs on the
splitter cable to the red and white RCA
stereo output plugs on the Xbox HDMI
audio adapter cable if you're using an
HDMI video connection but you don't have
the Xbox HDMI audio adapter yet check if
your TV has red and white RSA audio
output Jack's which are found on most HD
TVs if it does then you can connect the
red and white piggyback RCA plugs on the
splitter cable directly to the TV audio
jacks now let's set up the x12 for Xbox
Live Chat connect the included Xbox
talkback cable from your xbox controller
Jack to the X 12 amplifier
then configure your Xbox 360 system
settings as described in the x12 user
guide like the x11 the x12 also makes a
great headset for your PC or Mac here's
how to hook it up to your PC or laptop
first connect the USB plug into a USB
port then insert the 3.5 millimeter
green plug into the sound card output or
headphone jack next insert the pink 3.5
millimeter jack into the mic input the
game sound can be adjusted with the
control on the amplifier just like on
the Xbox by the way although the x12 is
a stereo headset you can easily turn it
into a Dolby surround sound headset with
our DSS surround sound processor check
out our DSS video on youtube for more
information to learn more about the x12
visit turtlebeach comm where you can
also find out about other great
turtlebeach audio products
you